Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Tar is Arabic for “blood feud.”
Restoration of wounded honor
or revenge for injustice caused.
"May Allah protect us from the damned Satan. In
the name of Allah. the Beneficent. the Merciful.
"...Ruler on the Day of Judgment.
We worship You and seek Your help.
"Lead us to the straight path.
"In the way of those whom
You have bestowed with mercy.
“Not those on whom wrath has
fallen. nor those who are lost.”
Amen.
"Al-Fatiha" for the soul
Yusef Salem Muhammad al-Hayb.
"We belong to Allah.
and to Him we will return."
My dear Yusef.
Inshallah. soon
I will avenge your blood.
Rest in peace.
May Allah forgive you. Salem.
What are you doing here?
are you crazy?
Am I crazy?
You idiot.
You almost blew my head off.
You're breaking into my home what
do you think was going to happen. huh?
I wasn't sure it was here.
Your phone is turned off and your neighbors
are not exactly the right people to ask.
The would-be tracker.
It's beautiful here.
Quiet.
-Yes.
How's your head?
Have you calmed down?
A day like this. a day like that.
I'm getting worse every day.
You know daddy
loves all his children
But Youssef was special.
-Yes.
I have no one else to talk to at home
And Noza doesn’t have the strength
to listen to my sadness anymore.
So did you fall on me?
Do you want to marry me?
Take him as a second wife?
Eh. Abu Musa?
What's wrong with you?
Do you pray to God every day?
I'm waiting for Him to
come and take me away.
I swear to you by the great Allah.
Abu Musa. I'm exhausted.
I'm looking for answers.
Honestly...
I have something
what might interest you.
There is progress in my investigation.
Something has arrived.
-What is this?
New video from your
house and Hagit's house.
You can see Yusef and the
son of a bitch who did this.
His name is Iyad Dahduh.
This son of a bitch escaped from Gaza through
the crossing. Rafah during the second truce.
He pretended to be wounded.
Today he lives in Marseille.
He has a business and a family.
As if nothing had happened.
Where did you get this from?
A friend sent it to me by mail.
These. if you give them a million shekels.
they'll give you everything you want
You didn't know?
Believe me. all the crap that came
to me in the last two years was a lie.
But this time it's true.
Take it and see for yourself.
My source tells me
that I got it from him.
I want you to come with me to Marseille.
Do you want me to go
with you to Marseille?
And what are we going to do there?
What do you want from me?
Abu Musa?
Tell me
does this seem logical to you.
That this son of a bitch lives there in
Marseilles. as if nothing had happened?
I'm no longer there.
I'm not there anymore. Salem.
Eli.
Клянусь Аллахом. это кровная месть.
Who. if not you. knows
what blood feud means?
If we don't do this. this day will
haunt us for the rest of our lives.
This is blood feud. You must
avenge your family's blood.
Very good.
Don't lose sight.
Okay. now try to focus on the
memory that came up. okay?
Describe it to me.
I'm outside. behind the iron
And I look inside.
What do you see inside?
There's someone there.
They're dead.
Everyone is dead.
-Describe them to me.
They are children.
Beautiful.
At the age of my children.
And full of blood.
And then there was an explosion.
Doron. where are you?
Stay with me. Doron.
What do you see?
Full of smoke and smell.
Smell?
What?
Meat.
Yes.
I can't.
I don't understand
why can't I remember.
I'm trying to connect all the dots
And I don't understand
How can I not connect this.
You're making good progress. We're
approaching slowly. that's normal.
I understand that you want to
connect everything. but slowly.
How did eight hours
disappear from my life?
Eight hours of my life disappeared.
Doron. you are inside the process.
and we are on the right track.
Don't judge yourself.
I don't know if I
managed to save her.
It's driving me crazy.
I bought you something. There. behind.
-To me? -Yes.
In that white bag there.
What is it. today is my
birthday. I didn’t know?
Beautiful?
Yes.
With buttons. blue?
You wear these dark shirts all the time.
You have such beautiful
eyes so let everyone see them.
Thank you.
Who is it here. Eli?
What is he doing here?
What. were you talking?
-No.
Look who's here.
Messiah on a pickup truck.
The donkey wouldn't start.
I missed you.
-Me too.
-Very.
What? Can I hug or are
you maintaining privacy?
Gali. you are family. that's normal.
Fine.
Enough.
Come on. please.
Don't move your head
only with your eyes.
Understood? The more
I speed up the pace
Slowly the memories come.
But the truth is it works
this thing. brother.
It's like I'm concentrating
the picture pops up
And then I put together a timeline for that day.
-Really.
Wow.
Cool. brother.
-What's going on. Eli?
Salem came to see me today.
-Wow.
How is he? Last time when
I saw him. he was broken.
Yes. come on. brother. You don't
know what it's like to lose a child.
And so that you don’t know. God forbid.
He is still looking for those
fighters of Nukhba. who killed Yusef?
Searching with all his might.
-Really.
And what will he do?
Don't know.
-What. blood feud?
Eli. don't let him put
ideas into your head. okay?
Screw him with his
Bedouin nonsense.
Brother. what you and Salem went through...
this is the hardest thing in the world
But nothing. nothing will bring
Hagit and the children back to you.
I promise you we won't harm you.
We follow the path of Allah.
What is he doing?
There's no one here.
You son of a bitch.
Hey. you're awake.
They are clean.
Yes.
Everything is fine?
This is Eli.
He worries me.
-Why?
When he was here. he talked to
me about Salem. about his son.
I'll go check in the morning
what's happening to him.
But you're in therapy.
-Yes.
I'll talk to Dr. Peled.
everything is fine.
Doron. it's not your fault.
You don't have to take
responsibility for him.
I know.
But he is alone.
Gali is not with him.
Next one please.
What is the purpose of your trip?
I'm visiting a friend.
Where does he live?
Take off your hat.
Go through the security check
please.
Have a problem?
Sir. please go to security.
Next one please.
Be careful with her.
Take off your shoes.
Next one please.
Tell me. was the inspection
involving penetration?
Come on. go. go.
You know that every time
when I return to Israel.
Am I being tested?
Very good.
This is how it should be with you Arabs.
Come on. go. go.
Your mother.
I just visited Eli.
-Well?
Have you calmed down?
-Not really.
He's not at home.
He doesn't answer phones.
I asked the children
in the settlement there.
They told me he left last night.
-OK.
So where are you?
-I'm on my way to Rakhat. to Salem.
Maybe these two crazy people are sitting there together.
-Fine.
Okay. I'll talk to you later. okay?
-Bye. -Bye. honey. bye.
Musa.
Salaam Alaikum.
I served with your father.
Can I come in?
Salaam alaikum
-Vaaleikum assalam.
I'm Doron Cabilio.
-I know who you are.
I've seen you before.
Can I exchange a few words with you?
Please.
Since Yusef's death.
Satan controls his thoughts.
He can't stop thinking
about the idea of ​​revenge.
When was the last time you saw him?
Last night.
I saw him packing his suitcase
When I got up in the
morning. I didn't find him
How was he?
How has he been these last few days?
Listen.
I want to show you something.
Only he has the key.
He did not allow anyone to enter.
For long hours he
locked himself here.
He offered a reward
of one million shekels
To the one who comes out to the
people of Nukhba. who killed Yusef.
Has he received many calls?
Dozens.
Hundreds. maybe.
He checked every detail. every number.
I was doing just that all the time.
Is this his?
Yes.
I don't know the password.
Can I take it?
-Where?
To my friend.
He understands computers.
Fine.
Salaam Aleikum
-Vaaleikum Assalam.
Tell me. is Rami at home?
-Who's asking?
Tell him. Al-Badawi ("Bedouin").
Just a minute.
Come in.
Salaam Aleikum
Where is the money?
Here they are.
Please.
Now it's your turn.
This restaurant is his.
Go see him at the end of the evening.
He won't have many people
But very “serious”
people come there.
How did you find him?
Since the beginning of the war.
many from Gaza have come here.
Everyone is quiet. except Dahduh.
he doesn't close his mouth.
One day he showed me a video
I told him: “Why did you kill
this poor child? He is an Arab."
Do you know what he answered me?
He told me: “This damned -
Jewish dog."
Anything else?
What about what I asked you?
I told you I need an additional
payment. another 20 thousand.
It's all here.
Our product will reveal your
real financial performance online.
The most important thing is that
this service is completely confidential.
Of course you understand this.
In order to...
It took my people three
minutes. to hack a computer.
It's good that you came to me with this.
We follow the path of Allah.
It's enough. I promise you.
This is Eli's house on the kibbutz.
Open the door!
Inside the shelter is Yusef. who
lived next to them. the son of Salem.
In the name of Allah. the
Beneficent. the Merciful.
You son of a bitch.
I used my remaining connections in
the service to run facial recognition.
The one in this video
is This is Iyad Dahduh.
Action movie Nukhba.
who now lives in Marseille.
How's Marseille?
-Marseille. he is Marcel.
And guess who got on
flight 322 there this morning.
Okay. so what do we do?
-Good question.
Yes. Gabi?
What did you want?
What's happened?
Did someone die?
Meet Leah. Leah. this is
Doron. an old service comrade.
I've heard several stories.
Nice to finally meet you.
-Me too. very pleased.
What is this? What are you looking at there?
- It's none of your business.
Tell me. how are things going with
the supply of connectors for the system?
We have a meeting tomorrow.
I need to come with answers.
We work 24/7 on the lines.
Everything will be ready on time.
Do you know why her name is Leah?
-No.
Because “you got it”. “I got it too”.
Go. go to your job.
Come on. well. accelerate. accelerate.
Who is this lady?
My fixer.
Super gun. brilliant.
I pulled her out of service.
A bright future awaits her.
Tell me. is your passport valid?
For what?
-I want to take you on a cruise to the Maldives. why else?
Someone needs to stop
these two crazy people.
I'm off topic. Gabi.
What does “off topic” mean?
Then who's in the know?
Sagi and Nurit are about
to give birth in Australia.
Steve works as a body
armorer for oligarchs in London.
Gabi. you're just hysterical.
-Doron. you must fly now.
Before your friend goes and
does something that will ruin his life.
Hello.
I thought we were already over this.
Eli needs me.
Doron. there's always something.
What about what you need?
Don't you remember what state you were in?
After you all
almost died in Jenin
And then October.
I remember.
Shall we pray?
-Let's.
"Lead us to the straight path.
"In the way of those whom
You have bestowed with mercy.
“Not those on whom wrath has
fallen. nor those who are lost.”
"To the great. heroic and formidable God.
"To God Most High. who does good
deeds and possesses everything.
"And remembering the
mercies of the fathers.
"The King who kills and gives life.
and cultivating salvation
"And You are faithful
to give life to the dead."
"Blessed are You. Lord..."
This is him.
Look at this son of a
bitch how he enjoys life.
Salem. that's enough.
We'll pass on his information to
the police. intelligence. and that's it.
It's that son of a bitch who broke
into your house and burned it down.
First of all. let's talk to him.
Let's make sure it's him.
You understand?
Salem. do you understand?
Thank you.
-My soul. this is an honor for us.
Say hello to Syria.
To your health.
-Thank you.
Salaam Aleikum
-Vaaleikum Assalam.
What. are you closing already?
Already put out the fire?
I swear by Allah. my brothers. as
you can see. I am already closing.
We beg you brother
We are your brothers and we are hungry.
We are after a long trip.
We arrived straight from the airport.
They didn't even give
us peanuts on the plane.
Please come in.
Thank you.
It's good that the coals are still burning.
Where are you guys from?
From Jordan. from Amman.
Come on. from Jordan?
Do you know anyone there?
-Well. of course.
I have a big family there
in Vihdat.
Palestinians.
We are from Aqaba.
Very nice.
-Me too.
At your service. Salah
And this quiet and shy
man's name is Ahmad.
Very nice.
-Greetings.
At your service. Iyad. Very nice.
Then sit down and I'll
cook you a great dinner.
Don’t bother. prepare us something
from what you have. something light.
A believer in Allah and the Day of
Judgment must respect his guests.
Your accent makes you sound
like you're from Gaza or the Negev.
Yes. I'm from Gaza. brother.
Were you there during the war?
If I had been there during the
war. We wouldn't stand and talk here.
My family and I came
here a few years ago.
The Jews gave us the Nakba.
May Allah take revenge on them.
Many of my comrades fell as martyrs.
Allah is our helper and savior.
Did you also have a restaurant in Gaza?
I had a different life in Gaza.
I had a small carpentry workshop.
and I felt good.
When we arrived in Europe. I saw that people
here want everything quickly and simply.
I made them fast food.
That is. Ikea.
Salaam Aleikum
Abu Muhammad?
-Yes.
They're looking for you. boy. be careful.
Yes. my brothers.
I have no meat left here.
I'll go downstairs and get it
from the refrigerator downstairs.
Fine.
Muhammad. my son.
Run to Uncle Naji
tell him to come here quickly.
Tell him to take his weapon with him.
Why. dad? What's happened?
-Shhh... Speak quietly.
Go. go. go.
Tell him to come in through the back door.
Drop the knife.
Give it up.
Back.
Back!
Is everything okay upstairs?
I locked the door.
There is not a single dog upstairs.
Tried to get a knife. son of a bitch.
You. dog.
-No. no. please.
Please people.
Gabi.
-Welcome.
Talk to me.
I'm sending you the address
of the target restaurant.
Go there.
Doron. are you with me?
-What?
Yes. yes. yes. I'm listening.
Repeat what you said.
I'm sending you the address.
Go there now.
I really hope
that it's not too late.
Tell the driver to take the A 55.
-Okay. I understand.
Thank you.
Wake up.
Wake up!
Who are you. Israelis?
Are you Jewish?
He's Jewish
And I...
Muslim.
Like my son. whom you killed while he
was praying and reading Al-Fatiha. you dog.
I swear to Allah. I have
nothing to do with it.
Enough is enough. I promise you...
Look carefully.
We won't harm you.
Look here.
We follow the path of Allah.
Do you see?
You son of a bitch.
Your turn will come soon.
It's good that you filmed everything.
Otherwise we would have come
here and just wasted our time.
What do you say. Iyad?
Are you praying?
You. Satan.
You will soon burn in hellfire.
Wait a second. Salem.
Look at them.
Look.
Did you kill them?
No. not me.
Do you know who killed them?
No.
My commander did this.
I can help you.
And your son... I have nothing
to do with what happened to him.
You know
You can't disobey orders.
What is the commander's name?
Maher Zeitoun.
He lives here.
Here. here in Marseille.
I didn't know about it what
was supposed to happen there.
All I knew was that we were
just going to steal and destroy.
Liar!
Are you lying?
You. dog.
What's his address?
He works in the center.
Which center?
-Yuma Center.
Center for refugees and migrants.
There are several young
men from Gaza with him.
Hamas?
-I have nothing to do with it at all.
You see. I have a restaurant.
I'm just a little soldier.
I beg you.
I have children
I have small children.
I beg you.
You dog!
Salem!
Salem. Salem.
Be with me.
Stay with me. Salem.
Be with me. Be with
me. You'll be fine. okay?
Run after him.
Don't let him escape.
Put your hand here. Click here. okay?
-Fine.
Thank you very much.
Crap.
What are you doing here. brother?
What is this?
What happened here?
“In memory of Matan Meir and Shahar
Friedman. Blessed be their memory"
Translation from Hebrew and subtitles -
Jhenya
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today